src/App.tsx
src/types/tyreMapping.ts
src/types/workshop-tyre-inventory.ts
src/types/diesel.d.ts
src/types/global.d.ts
src/types/react-calendar-timeline.d.ts
src/types/inventory.ts
src/types/wialon.ts
src/types/vehicle.ts
src/types/tyre.ts
src/types/client.ts
src/types/audit.d.ts
src/types/index.ts
src/types/googleMaps.d.ts
src/types/workshop-job-card.ts
src/types/mapTypes.ts
src/utils/firestoreDebugging.ts
src/utils/googleMapsLoader.ts
src/utils/envChecker.ts
src/utils/firestoreUtils.ts
src/utils/tyreConstants.ts
src/utils/tripDebugger.ts
src/utils/mapsService.ts
src/utils/helpers.ts
src/utils/setupEnv.ts
src/utils/syncService.ts
src/utils/wialonLoader.ts
src/utils/firestoreErrorHandler.ts
src/utils/formatters.ts
src/utils/cn.ts
src/utils/tyreAnalytics.ts
src/utils/mapConfig.ts
src/utils/wialonAuth.ts
src/utils/firebaseConnectionHandler.ts
src/utils/inspectionUtils.ts
src/utils/pdfGenerators.ts
src/utils/wialonSensorData.ts
src/utils/webhookSenders.ts
src/utils/wialonConfig.ts
src/utils/placesService.ts
src/utils/sageDataMapping.ts
src/utils/envUtils.ts
src/components/audit/AuditLog.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/ProbeVerificationModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/EnhancedProbeVerificationModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/FuelReconciliationTab.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/FuelLogs.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselAnalysis.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/ManualDieselEntryModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselDashboard.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselImportModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselNormsModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselEditModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/CarbonFootprintCalc.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/AutomaticProbeVerificationModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DriverFuelBehavior.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/FuelAlertsTab.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/FuelEfficiencyReport.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/EnhancedDieselDebriefModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselDebriefModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/FuelTheftDetection.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/TripLinkageModal.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselTabbedDashboard.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/FuelCardManager.tsx
src/components/DieselManagement/DieselDashboardComponent.tsx
src/components/ErrorBoundary.tsx
src/components/layout/Layout.tsx
src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
src/components/WialonGeofenceManager.tsx
src/components/WialonLoginPanel.tsx
src/components/common/FleetSelector.tsx
src/components/common/FleetDropdown.tsx
src/components/common/Logo.tsx
src/components/common/VehicleSelector.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/JobCardKanbanBoard.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/PurchaseOrderForm.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/DriverInspectionForm.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/FleetVisualSetup.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/FaultManagement.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/PartsOrdering.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/QRGenerator.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/CompletionPanel.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/MaintenanceModule.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/PurchaseOrderModule.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/WorkshopAnalytics.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InspectionHistory.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/FaultTracking.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/FaultTracker.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/RCAModal.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/DemandPartsForm.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/QAReviewPanel.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InspectionItemCard.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/JobCardNotes.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InspectionReportForm.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/JobCard.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/WorkOrderManagement.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/TyreInventoryForm.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/JobCardHeader.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InspectionManagement.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/FleetFormModal.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/JobCardCard.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/JobCardDetailModal.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/EnhancedJobCardItem.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InspectionList.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InspectionForm.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/TyreManagementView.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InventoryPanel.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/InvoiceGenerationModal.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/JobCardManagement.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/WorkshopOperations.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/QRCodeBatchGenerator.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/FleetTable.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/TaskManager.tsx
src/components/Workshop Management/TyreInspectionModal.tsx
src/components/DriverManagement/DriverPerformanceOverview.tsx
src/components/DriverManagement/DriverBehaviorEvents.tsx
src/components/DriverManagement/DriverBehaviorEventForm.tsx
src/components/DriverManagement/DriverBehaviorEventDetails.tsx
src/components/DriverManagement/DriverDashboard.tsx
src/components/Performance/CustomerRetentionDashboard.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/VendorScorecard.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/InventoryDashboard.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/PurchaseOrderDetailView.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/IndirectCostBreakdown.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/PurchaseOrderTracker.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/POApprovalSummary.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/StockManager.tsx
src/components/Inventory Management/PartsReceivingForm.tsx
src/components/admin/WialonConfigDisplay.tsx
src/components/MyMapComponent.tsx
src/components/WialonUnitList.tsx
src/components/wialon/WialonConfig.tsx
src/components/wialon/WialonStatus.tsx
src/components/wialon/WialonUnitsList.tsx
src/components/wialon/WialonIntegration.tsx
src/components/maps/WialonMapDashboard.tsx
src/components/maps/RouteDrawer.tsx
src/components/maps/WialonMapComponent.tsx
src/components/maps/MapsView.tsx
src/components/maps/LocationDetailPanel.tsx
src/components/maps/GoogleMapsTest.tsx
src/components/maps/EnhancedMapComponent.tsx
src/components/WialonDriverManager.tsx
src/components/FleetAnalytics/PredictiveModels.tsx
src/components/FleetAnalytics/AdHocReportBuilder.tsx
src/components/FleetAnalytics/AnalyticsDashboard.tsx
src/components/FleetAnalytics/KPIOverview.tsx
src/components/FleetAnalytics/ROIReportView.tsx
src/components/WialonLoginModal.tsx
src/components/workshop/InspectionDetailsModal.tsx
src/components/workshop/DefectItemModal.tsx
src/components/GeofenceModal.tsx
src/components/Cost Management/AdditionalCostsForm.tsx
src/components/Cost Management/CostList.tsx
src/components/Cost Management/IndirectCost.tsx
src/components/Cost Management/CostForm.tsx
src/components/Flags/FlagsInvestigations.tsx
src/components/Flags/FlagResolutionModal.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/VendorScorecard.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/InventoryDashboard.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/InvoiceFollowUpModal.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/InvoiceAgingDashboard.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/PurchaseOrderDetailView.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/IndirectCostBreakdown.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/PurchaseOrderTracker.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/InvoiceDashboard.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/PaymentUpdateModal.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/InvoiceTemplateStore.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/POApprovalSummary.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/StockManager.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/InvoiceBuilder.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/CurrencyFleetReport.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/TaxReportExport.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/PartsReceivingForm.tsx
src/components/InvoiceManagement/InvoiceApprovalFlow.tsx
src/components/Map/MapComponent.tsx
src/components/Map/WialonMapComponent.tsx
src/components/ui/ErrorMessage.tsx
src/components/ui/EnvironmentSetupStatus.tsx
src/components/ui/EnvironmentAlert.tsx
src/components/ui/SyncIndicator.tsx
src/components/ui/LoadingIndicator.tsx
src/components/ui/Tabs.tsx
src/components/ui/ApplicantInfoCard.tsx
src/components/ui/Input.tsx
src/components/ui/FormElements.tsx
src/components/ui/ConnectionStatusIndicator.tsx
src/components/ui/modal.tsx
src/components/ui/Input.d.ts
src/components/ui/table.tsx
src/components/ui/FirestoreConnectionError.tsx
src/components/ui/form.tsx
src/components/ui/button.tsx
src/components/ui/Select.d.ts
src/components/ui/PageWrapper.tsx
src/components/ui/Card.tsx
src/components/ui/ProgressStepper.tsx
src/components/ui/index.ts
src/components/ui/input.tsx
src/components/ui/EndpointsDisplay.tsx
src/components/ui/VerticalStepper.tsx
src/components/ui/card.tsx
src/components/ui/FileUpload.tsx
src/components/ui/Select.tsx
src/components/ui/Tooltip.tsx
src/components/ui/Button.tsx
src/components/ui/User.tsx
src/components/ui/StatsCardGroup.tsx
src/components/ui/Modal.tsx
src/components/ui/label.tsx
src/components/ui/Badge.tsx
src/components/ui/badge.tsx
src/components/ui/ConnectionStatus.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/FleetUtilizationHeatmap.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/CompletedTripEditModal.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripTimelineLive.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripPlanningForm.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripDashboard.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripDetails.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/ActiveTrips.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripDeletionModal.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripFormModal.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripFinancialsPanel.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripForm.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripTemplateManager.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/WebBookTripsList.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/LoadPlanningComponent.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripStatusUpdateModal.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/MissedLoadsTracker.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/OptimizedRouteSuggestion.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/DeliveryConfirmationPanel.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/InvoiceSubmissionModal.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/LoadImportModal.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripReport.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/TripOverviewPanel.tsx
src/components/TripManagement/CompletedTrips.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/InventoryCsvImport.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreManagement.tsx.new
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreInspection.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/AddNewTireForm.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/VehicleTyreView.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreCostAnalysis.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreReports.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreInventoryManager.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreReportGenerator.d.ts
src/components/TyreManagement/VehicleTyreViewA.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreManagementSystem.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreInventoryFilters.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreReportGenerator.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreDashboard.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyrePerformanceForm.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreStores.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreInventoryStats.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreInventoryDashboard.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreInventory.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreManagement.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyrePerformanceReport.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/TyreAnalytics.tsx
src/components/TyreManagement/MoveTyreModal.tsx
src/components/TyreInventory/AddTyreForm.tsx
src/components/TyreInventory/TyreDashboard.tsx
src/components/trips/ActiveTrips.tsx
src/components/trips/TripForm.tsx
src/components/trips/TripManagement.tsx
src/components/trips/CompletedTrips.tsx
src/components/trips/TripRouter.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/ClientAnalytics.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/ClientNetworkMap.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/ClientRelationships.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/RetentionMetrics.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/CustomerReports.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/ClientDetail.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/CustomerDashboard.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/ClientForm.tsx
src/components/CustomerManagement/ClientList.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/YearToDateKPIs.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/import React from 'react';.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/LineChartPanel.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/Dashboard.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/KpiCard.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/PeriodSelector.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/DonutChartPanel.tsx
src/components/Dashboard/Fleetdashboard.tsx
src/components/LoadConfirmation/LoadConfirmation.tsx
src/components/UnitsTable.tsx
src/components/MapPanel.tsx
src/components/ComplianceSafety/ActionItemDetails.tsx
src/components/ComplianceSafety/CARReportList.tsx
src/components/ComplianceSafety/CARReportDetails.tsx
src/components/ComplianceSafety/ComplianceDashboard.tsx
src/components/ComplianceSafety/CARReportForm.tsx
src/components/ComplianceSafety/ActionLog.tsx
src/components/ComplianceSafety/IncidentReportForm.tsx
src/firebaseConfig.ts
src/lib/currency.ts
src/api/sageIntegration.ts
src/api/wialon.ts
src/firebase.ts
src/vite-env.d.ts
src/config/sageAuth.ts
src/config/cloudRunEndpoints.ts
src/config/routeUtils.ts
src/config/sidebarConfig.ts
src/data/tyreData.ts
src/data/inspectionTemplates.ts
src/data/faultData.ts
src/data/index.ts
src/data/fleetVehicles.ts
src/data/tyreMappingData.ts
src/data/vehicles.ts
src/data/jobCardTemplates.ts
src/data/tyreReferenceData.ts
src/context/SyncContext.tsx
src/context/TyreContext.tsx
src/context/TripContext.tsx
src/context/WialonProvider.tsx
src/context/AppContext.tsx
src/context/DriverBehaviorContext.tsx
src/context/TyreStoresContext.tsx
src/context/InventoryContext.tsx
src/pages/SettingsPage.tsx
src/pages/tyres/reports.tsx
src/pages/tyres/dashboard.tsx
src/pages/tyres/add-new-tyre.tsx
src/pages/tyres/TyreManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/tyres/TyresPage.tsx
src/pages/tyres/inventory.tsx
src/pages/tyres/inspection.tsx
src/pages/AuditLogPage.tsx
src/pages/TripTimelinePage.tsx
src/pages/GenericPlaceholderPageTailwind.tsx
src/pages/SageIntegration.tsx
src/pages/drivers/DriverManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/drivers/DriverProfiles.tsx
src/pages/drivers/DriverBehaviorPage.tsx
src/pages/drivers/AddNewDriver.tsx
src/pages/OrdersPage.tsx
src/pages/invoices/PendingInvoices.tsx
src/pages/invoices/InvoiceManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/invoices/InvoiceTemplates.tsx
src/pages/invoices/PaidInvoices.tsx
src/pages/invoices/Dashboard.tsx
src/pages/invoices/CreateInvoice.tsx
src/pages/invoices/LoadConfirmation.tsx
src/pages/demos/UIComponentsDemo.tsx
src/pages/demos/ApplicantInfoDemo.tsx
src/pages/WialonMapPage.tsx
src/pages/CpkPage.tsx
src/pages/MapTestPage.tsx
src/pages/compliance/ReportNewIncidentPage.tsx
src/pages/compliance/ComplianceManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/compliance/IncidentManagement.tsx
src/pages/GenericPlaceholderPage.tsx
src/pages/admin/SystemInfoPanel.tsx
src/pages/wialon/WialonDashboard.tsx
src/pages/wialon/WialonUnitsPage.tsx
src/pages/wialon/WialonConfigPage.tsx
src/pages/DashboardPage.tsx
src/pages/workshop/vehicle-inspection.tsx
src/pages/workshop/request-parts.tsx
src/pages/workshop/new-inspection.tsx
src/pages/workshop/create-purchase-order.tsx
src/pages/workshop/inspections.tsx
src/pages/workshop/new-job-card.tsx
src/pages/WorkshopPage.tsx
src/pages/NotificationsPage.tsx
src/pages/WialonUnitsPage.tsx
src/pages/clients/CustomerManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/clients/AddNewCustomer.tsx
src/pages/clients/CustomerReports.tsx
src/pages/clients/ClientManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/clients/ActiveCustomers.tsx
src/pages/trips/CompletedTripsPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/Flags.tsx
src/pages/trips/FleetLocationMapPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/DriverPerformancePage.tsx
src/pages/trips/TripTimelinePage.tsx
src/pages/trips/AddTripPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/LoadPlanningComponentPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/Dashboard.tsx
src/pages/trips/FleetManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/TripReportPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/TripCalendarPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/WaypointsPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/TripDashboardPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/Templates.tsx
src/pages/trips/CostAnalysisPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/RouteOptimization.tsx
src/pages/trips/ActiveTripsPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/Maps.tsx
src/pages/trips/DeliveryConfirmations.tsx
src/pages/trips/LoadPlanningPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/FleetUtilization.tsx
src/pages/trips/Calendar.tsx
src/pages/trips/RoutePlanningPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/TripManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/RouteOptimizationPage.tsx
src/pages/trips/GoogleMapPage.tsx
src/pages/inventory/PartsInventoryPage.tsx
src/pages/inventory/reports.tsx
src/pages/inventory/receive-parts.tsx
src/pages/inventory/dashboard.tsx
src/pages/inventory/InventoryPage.tsx
src/pages/inventory/stock.tsx
src/pages/diesel/Dashboard.tsx
src/pages/diesel/FuelLogs.tsx
src/pages/diesel/AddFuelEntry.tsx
src/pages/diesel/DieselManagementPage.tsx
src/pages/integration/SageIntegration.tsx
src/pages/integration/InventorySageSync.tsx
src/pages/integration/PurchaseOrderSync.tsx
src/pages/FleetAnalyticsPage.tsx
src/hooks/useFleetData.ts
src/hooks/useWialon.ts
src/hooks/useWialonSession.ts
src/hooks/useRealtimeTrips.ts
src/hooks/useWebBookDriverBehavior.ts
src/hooks/useWialonGeofences.ts
src/hooks/useWebBookTrips.ts
src/hooks/useFleetList.ts
src/hooks/useCurrencyConverter.ts
src/hooks/useFirestoreDoc.ts
src/hooks/WialonUnitList.tsx
src/hooks/useWialonSdk.ts
src/hooks/useWialonUnits.ts
src/hooks/useWialonResources.ts
src/hooks/useWialonConnection.ts
src/hooks/useWialonDrivers.ts
src/firebaseEmulators.ts
src/main.tsx
